truths

What’s the hottest thing you’ve ever done with someone?
Have you ever had sex in public? Where?
What’s your favorite sex position and why?
Describe your most intense orgasm in detail.
Have you ever faked an orgasm? When and why?
What’s the biggest age gap you’ve had with a sexual partner?
What turns you on the most during foreplay?
Have you ever had a threesome? Want one?
What’s your wildest sexual fantasy right now?
Have you ever been caught masturbating?
What’s the naughtiest thing you’ve done while drunk?
Do you watch porn? What’s your favorite category?
Have you ever sent nudes? To whom?
What’s your favorite body part on the opposite/same sex?
Have you ever had a one-night stand? How many?
What’s the kinkiest thing you’ve tried?
Do you prefer giving or receiving oral?
Have you ever had sex with more than one person in 24 hours?
What’s your go-to masturbation fantasy?
Have you ever been tied up or done the tying?
What’s the most embarrassing thing that’s happened during sex?
Have you ever had anal? Did you like it?
Who in this room would you most like to fuck?
What’s your favorite toy (or the one you want to try)?
Have you ever had phone sex or sexted heavily?
What’s your body count?
Do you like being dominated or dominating?
Have you ever had sex at work?
What’s the hottest dream you’ve ever had?
Have you ever used food during sex?
What’s your favorite place to be kissed/touched?
Have you ever watched someone else have sex?
Do you like dirty talk? What’s the dirtiest thing you’ve said?
Have you ever had a friends-with-benefits situation?
What’s the longest you’ve gone without sex?
Have you ever been to a sex party or club?
What’s your guilty pleasure porn search?
Have you ever had a same-sex experience?
Do you like pain with pleasure? (spanking, biting, etc.)
What’s the riskiest place you’ve masturbated?
Have you ever had a sex tape made?
What’s your favorite way to be teased?
Have you ever cheated? Do you regret it?
How often do you masturbate?
What’s the strangest thing that turns you on?
Have you ever had sex in a car?
Who’s the hottest person you’ve ever slept with?
Do you like being watched while having sex?
What’s your favorite type of lingerie/outfit on a partner?
Have you ever had a quickie? Where?
What’s the most sensitive part of your body?
Have you ever role-played? What characters?
Do you prefer shaved, trimmed, or natural down there?
Have you ever been edged or edged someone?
What’s your favorite way to finish?
Have you ever had sex with someone much older/younger?
What’s the longest sex session you’ve had?
Do you like being choked or choking?
Have you ever used a sex toy with a partner?
What’s your biggest turn-off in bed?
Have you ever had a crush on a friend’s partner?
What’s the hottest compliment you’ve ever received during sex?
Have you ever had outdoor sex?
Do you prefer slow sensual sex or rough and fast?
What’s something sexual you want to try but haven’t?
Have you ever been walked in on during sex?
What’s your favorite erogenous zone?
Have you ever had a sugar daddy/mommy situation?
Do you like cum play? (swallowing, facials, etc.)
What’s the most sexually adventurous thing you’ve done this year?

 Dares

Give a detailed, seductive striptease for 60 seconds.
Send a nude selfie to the person on your left.
Kiss the person to your right on the lips for 10 seconds.
Let someone spank you 5 times.
Masturbate in front of the group for 30 seconds (clothes on or off).
Perform oral sex simulation on a banana or finger.
Let the group choose your next outfit (very revealing).
Give a lap dance to the person across from you.
Let someone suck on your neck for 20 seconds.
Remove one piece of clothing every time someone says “dare.”
Whisper the dirtiest thing you want to do to the person on your left.
Let someone write a dirty word on your body with lipstick.
French kiss the person to your right for 15 seconds.
Show everyone your favorite sex toy (or describe it).
Do 10 push-ups while someone sits on your back.
Let the group vote on who you have to sext right now.
Massage the inner thighs of the person next to you for 1 minute.
Moan the name of the hottest person in the room while touching yourself.
Let someone blindfold you and kiss you anywhere they want.
Take off your underwear and give it to someone.
Do a body shot off the person to your left.
Let the group pick a porn category for you to describe in detail.
Give a hickey to the person on your right.
Dance seductively to a song the group chooses.
Let someone pour something cold on your chest and lick it off.
Send your most revealing photo from your camera roll to the group chat.
Let the person to your left bite your lip.
Describe your last sexual encounter in graphic detail.
Give a foot massage with your mouth to someone.
Let someone tie your hands for the next 3 rounds.
Flash the group (top or bottom).
Kiss someone’s chest for 20 seconds.
Let the group choose a dare for your phone background (dirty).
Simulate riding someone in the group for 15 seconds.
Let someone suck on your fingers seductively.
Do a naked lap around the room (or remove clothes if already daring).
Whisper your biggest fantasy into someone’s ear.
Let two people kiss you at the same time.
Record a 10-second voice note moaning.
Let someone spank you while you’re bent over.
Trade underwear with someone in the group.
Give a sensual massage to the person on your right for 2 minutes.
Let the group watch you touch yourself over your clothes.
Kiss the person you find sexiest in the room.
Let someone write “fuck me” on your body.
Perform a sexy pole dance on a chair.
Let the person to your left sit on your lap for the next round.
Describe in detail how you would fuck the person to your right.
Let someone edge you for 60 seconds (hands or toy).
Full make-out session with the person the group chooses.